.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH PYMEI 1 "January 1, 2009"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
pymei \- a media interface / htpc application written in Python
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pymei
.SH DESCRIPTION
PyMei is a media interface / htpc application written in Python, with a
modularized and extensible architecture. It supports plugins and themes,
and the default plugins are:

.B * Clock.
.RS
Add a constantly shown clock.
.RE

.B * LircInput.
.RS
Support input from a LIRC device. (requires python-pylirc)
.RE

.B * XkcdBrowser.
.RS
Download and display comics from http://xkcd.com
.RE

.B * StreamPlayer.
.RS
Open a videoplayer with a predefined stream.
.RE

In addition, it supports an arbitrary number of levels of menus to organize
the functionality you decide to use, and has a filesystem browser that allows
easy video playback.

.SH FILES
~/.pymei/ 
.RS
More stuff here.

.SH AUTHOR
pymei was written by Jørgen Pedersen Tjernø <jorgen@devsoft.no>.
